  Part 1 Discussion:
The beta and gamma parameters affect the behavior of the graphs in the following way: as beta increases,
the rate that individuals infected spikes increases more quickly and as gamma increases, the amount of 
time for total recovery to be reached decreases. If both values increase then the total time it takes for
the disease to run its course and immunity to be obtained decreases. This intuitively matches my expectations
because a disease with a quicker rate of transmission but the same rate of recovery will end up going through
the population quicker as the total population in recovery at a given time before the spike in infections will
be greater. The same reasoning holds for the recovery rate, if the transmission rate is kept constant but the
recovery rate is increased then the amount of recovered individuals at a given time will be greater then the
same time for a lower recovery rate. 

  Part 2 Discussion: 
The quadratic interpolation method finds a smaller error for recovered individuals but larger error for susceptible and infected individuals.  

  Part 3 Discussion:
Using 10 days of data instead of 30 affects the estimates of I(0) and B differently. The estimate of I(0) 
doesn’t get better because there are fewer data points, making it harder to get an accurate fit, and small
errors have a bigger impact. On the other hand, the estimate of B, the transmission rate, actually improves.
This is because most of the disease transmission happens in the first 10 days, and using just this period 
makes the model simpler and more accurate for estimating B. Using more days adds complexity as the diseases
behavior changes, which makes estimating B harder. Therefore, fewer days hurt the accuracy of I(0) but make B 
easier to estimate. 

Part 4 Discussion:
  When we plotted the S(t), I(t), and R(t) graphs with periodic beta (transmission rate), we noticed consistent fluctuations in
the infected population. These fluctuations were noticeable in the peaks and valleys of each curve with S(t) resembling a cosine function,
gradually decreasing with periodic dips as individuals become infected. I(t) resembles a sine function, reflecting a lagged impact from
periodic beta. As beta peaks during the day, it drives a peak in I(t). R(t), too, resembles a sine function, also highlighting its
lagged impact from beta as well as I(t). In short, all curves are interrelated, but beta drives the SIR model. S(t) and R(t) have minor
fluctuations from beta due to their reliance on I(t). The periodic relationship of S(t) decreasing, I(t) growing due to beta, and R(t) 
increasing shows the effects of daily variations in transmission of the virus -- and ultimately, the wave-like behavior of the populations over time.
  In plotting the spectrum for I(t) and observing its frequency peaks, there's a clear peak due to periodic beta initially which then
exponentially decreases with respect to frequency. This seems to suggest that while beta varies by day, the infected population's
fluctuations eventually smooth out due to some form of dampening effect. This does make some sense, considering the interrelatedness 
described previously of all curves. While beta is a primary driver, the lagging effects of S(t) and R(t) may be what's causing this
dampening effect.
  When we repeated the steps for this part with a lower omega value, we noticed a decrease in the amplitude of the lowest frequency peak primarily.
However, it should be noted that there is, as expected, a shift to a lower frequency range as expected with a decrease in omega.
Furthermore, additional smaller peaks have emerged at the lower frequency range. This seems to suggest that while the periodic behavior
remains in the low-frequency range, its dynamics have become more complex leading to the partial dampening and emergence of the smaller
peaks. Thus, the relationship between the new periodic beta is more nuanced, which would make sense in the real world. The drivers
of infection may be capturing multi-day patterns and other dynamics that are simply more difficult to model.  
